All right.
Welcome back.
So this is thankfully the first section where we don't have to worry about installation or getting set
up.
We can just focus on coding.
All right.
So contrats on making it this far.
So this video as you can see is titled numbers and math really big font all caps.
I know it's not the most glamorous topic ever.
It's probably a little bit polarizing.
If you're one of those people who saw numbers in math and got up from her computer and tried to set
it on fire I promise I won't be super boring.
I have two promises actually one said I'm going to keep this short and succinct.
It's probably going to be the shortest section of the entire course.
Three to four videos and a single quiz at the end.
But my second and more important promise is that there's a really important reason why we're starting
here.
Most of us are already familiar and comfortable with the basics of math.
Nothing crazy just simple daily arithmetic.
We can take that real world math and do the exact same thing in the Python world.
So it's really simple jumping off point because there's an analog between the real world and Python
and the other thing I want to mention is that the first most foundational concept that we need to cover
when learning any programming language is how that language actually represents data.
So there's all sorts of data we might care about sales data advertizement data user data.
How do we actually represent that using code.
So of course some of that data is going to be numeric.
We need to store the number of shoes we have in stock or the price for their shoes or the age for a
user.
All sorts of different numbers.
So this is a foundational thing we've got to start talking about.
And in the next couple of seconds to actually continue talking about other ways of storing data but
for now numbers and math.
So first let's talk about our objectives.
We want to start off by understanding the differences between ints and floats which probably means absolutely
nothing to you at this point unless you program before.
But yeah it will mean something in a little bit.
I understand the differences between it and float two types of numbers.
Then we're going to work with some simple mathematical operators.
Things are probably comfortable with just show you how to do division multiplication that sort of thing
and point out some of the quirks that happen when you use math and Python.
And then we're also going to talk about some weirder operators who may not have seen before that are
more Unix programming.
And then finally this one is completely unrelated but it has to go somewhere.
It's just a single short video on something called the comments.
So actually it's nothing to do with math and numbers but it's just an important thing we've got to get
out of the way.
And this is a short section so it got shoehorned into the session already.
So let's get started.
We're going to talk about it in foot in the next video.